ado token command: add default value for --domain of microsoft (#276)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-cli: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Changed

> - The `azureauth ado token` command now defaults to `microsoft.com` domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `azureauth ado token` command uses `microsoft.com` as the default `--domain` option value.
```
